dev/fabula/android/station/peregon/dao/StationPeregonDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.dao.StationPeregonDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.dao.StationPeregonDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.dao.StationPeregonDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.dao.StationPeregonDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.dao.StationPeregonDao_Impl$4
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.dao.StationPeregonDao_Impl$5
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.dao.StationPeregonDao_Impl$6
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.dao.StationPeregonDao_Impl$7
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/calibration/SyncCalibrationMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.SyncCalibrationMessageFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.SyncCalibrationMessageFactory$CalOperations
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/BluetoothUtils.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BluetoothUtils
dev/fabula/android/bridge/crossing/ui/BridgeViewModule_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.ui.BridgeViewModule_Factory
dev/fabula/android/list/items/di/DaggerListItemsComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.list.items.di.DaggerListItemsComponent
 dev.fabula.android.list.items.di.DaggerListItemsComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.list.items.di.DaggerListItemsComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.list.items.di.DaggerListItemsComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideAuth
 dev.fabula.android.list.items.di.DaggerListItemsComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/databinding/BluetoothFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.BluetoothFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/app/di/DaggerAppComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.DaggerAppComponent
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.DaggerAppComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.DaggerAppComponent$Builder
dev/fabula/android/railway/ui/RailwayViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.railway.ui.RailwayViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/type/UnionUint16.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.type.UnionUint16
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/log/LogSizeFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.log.LogSizeFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.log.LogSizeFrameFactory$DataType
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/ble_utils/BleScanCallback18.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.ble_utils.BleScanCallback18
dev/fabula/android/railway/repo/RailwayRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.railway.repo.RailwayRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/MtProtocolBLEImpl.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtProtocolBLEImpl
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtProtocolBLEImpl$1
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtProtocolBLEImpl$SendThread
dev/fabula/android/databinding/RailwayItemBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.RailwayItemBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/SimpleFrameFactoryImpl.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.SimpleFrameFactoryImpl
dev/fabula/android/databinding/CanopyFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.CanopyFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/CastUtil.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.CastUtil
dev/fabula/android/synchronize/repo/SyncRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.synchronize.repo.SyncRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/single/SingleDistInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.single.SingleDistInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/ble_utils/BleScanCallback21.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.ble_utils.BleScanCallback21
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/exc/EventNotDefinedException.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.exc.EventNotDefinedException
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/settings/SettingsMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.settings.SettingsMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SyncCalibrationData/SyncCalibrationDataFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SyncCalibrationData.SyncCalibrationDataFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/ProfileFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.ProfileFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/MotorOperations/MotorOperationsOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.MotorOperations.MotorOperationsOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/thermo/message/edct/EDCTFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.edct.EDCTFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.edct.EDCTFrameFactory$Headers
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.edct.EDCTFrameFactory$RemoteCtrl
dev/fabula/android/measurements/create/dao/CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.dao.CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.dao.CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.dao.CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.dao.CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.dao.CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl$4
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.dao.CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl$5
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.dao.CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl$6
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.dao.CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl$7
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.dao.CreateMeasurementsDao_Impl$8
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/sync/SyncMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.SyncMessageFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.SyncMessageFactory$ErrorsAndLaser
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.SyncMessageFactory$ModeHeaderResp
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.SyncMessageFactory$References
dev/fabula/android/app/db/AppRoomDatabase_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.db.AppRoomDatabase_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.app.db.AppRoomDatabase_Impl$1
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/type/field/Field.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.type.field.Field
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/impl/DescriptorImpl.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.impl.DescriptorImpl
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/GCLDevInfo/GCLDevInfoMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GCLDevInfo.GCLDevInfoMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/splash/SplashFragment_MembersInjector.java
 dev.fabula.android.splash.SplashFragment_MembersInjector
dev/fabula/android/measurements/union/list/di/DaggerUnionMeasurementsListComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.union.list.di.DaggerUnionMeasurementsListComponent
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.union.list.di.DaggerUnionMeasurementsListComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.union.list.di.DaggerUnionMeasurementsListComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.union.list.di.DaggerUnionMeasurementsListComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/station/peregon/di/StationPeregonModuleDao_ProvidesStationPeregonDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.di.StationPeregonModuleDao_ProvidesStationPeregonDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/grl_info/GRLDevInfoMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.grl_info.GRLDevInfoMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/GetPowerProfile/PowerProfileFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GetPowerProfile.PowerProfileFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GetPowerProfile.PowerProfileFrameFactory$SetPowerProfile
dev/fabula/android/bridge/crossing/dao/BridgeCrossingDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.dao.BridgeCrossingDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.dao.BridgeCrossingDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.dao.BridgeCrossingDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.dao.BridgeCrossingDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.dao.BridgeCrossingDao_Impl$4
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.dao.BridgeCrossingDao_Impl$5
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/sync/list/SyncListOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.list.SyncListOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/app/di/GsonModule_ProvideGsonFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.GsonModule_ProvideGsonFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/CalibrationDialogBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.CalibrationDialogBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/GCLDevInfo/GCLDevInfoOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GCLDevInfo.GCLDevInfoOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/MTBluetoothDevice.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.MTBluetoothDevice
dev/fabula/android/list/items/ui/ListItemsViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.list.items.ui.ListItemsViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/MtMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.MtMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/laser/LaserOffMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.laser.LaserOffMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/SimpleResponse.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.SimpleResponse
dev/fabula/android/databinding/CreateMeasurementsFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.CreateMeasurementsFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/sync/SyncInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.SyncInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/ClearCalibrationEvents/ClearCalibrationEventsMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.ClearCalibrationEvents.ClearCalibrationEventsMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/sync/list/SyncListInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.list.SyncListInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/eeprom_data/EEPROMDataOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.eeprom_data.EEPROMDataOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/report/dao/ReportDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.report.dao.ReportDao_Impl
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/edc/EDCOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SetLasers/SetLasersInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SetLasers.SetLasersInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/rtc/RTCTimestampMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.rtc.RTCTimestampMessage
dev/fabula/android/measurements/union/list/repo/UnionMeasurementsRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.union.list.repo.UnionMeasurementsRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SetLasers/SetLasersMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SetLasers.SetLasersMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/di/DaggerBluetoothComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.di.DaggerBluetoothComponent
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.di.DaggerBluetoothComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.di.DaggerBluetoothComponent$Builder
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/MtTimer.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtTimer
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtTimer$1
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtTimer$MtTimerListener
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtTimer$MtTimerTask
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/calibration/SyncCalibrationFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.SyncCalibrationFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.SyncCalibrationFrameFactory$CalOperations
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/exc/TransitionNotDefinedException.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.exc.TransitionNotDefinedException
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/access_lock/AccessLockFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.access_lock.AccessLockFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.access_lock.AccessLockFrameFactory$AccessLockByte
dev/fabula/android/wire/contact/dao/ContactWireDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.wire.contact.dao.ContactWireDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.wire.contact.dao.ContactWireDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.wire.contact.dao.ContactWireDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.wire.contact.dao.ContactWireDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.wire.contact.dao.ContactWireDao_Impl$4
 dev.fabula.android.wire.contact.dao.ContactWireDao_Impl$5
dev/fabula/android/wire/carrier/di/CarrierWireDaoModule_ProvidesCarrierWireDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.wire.carrier.di.CarrierWireDaoModule_ProvidesCarrierWireDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/dimensions/fence/di/DimensionsFenceDaoModule_ProvidesDimensionsDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.di.DimensionsFenceDaoModule_ProvidesDimensionsDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/app/ui/ViewModelFragment_MembersInjector.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.ui.ViewModelFragment_MembersInjector
dev/fabula/android/station/peregon/ui/StationPeregonViewModule_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.ui.StationPeregonViewModule_Factory
dev/fabula/android/measurements/list/di/DaggerMeasurementsListComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.list.di.DaggerMeasurementsListComponent
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.list.di.DaggerMeasurementsListComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.list.di.DaggerMeasurementsListComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.list.di.DaggerMeasurementsListComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/synchronize/di/DaggerSyncComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.synchronize.di.DaggerSyncComponent
 dev.fabula.android.synchronize.di.DaggerSyncComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.synchronize.di.DaggerSyncComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.synchronize.di.DaggerSyncComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideAuth
 dev.fabula.android.synchronize.di.DaggerSyncComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideRetrofit
 dev.fabula.android.synchronize.di.DaggerSyncComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/log/LogSizeInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.log.LogSizeInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/auth_old/AppAuth_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.auth_old.AppAuth_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/keypad/KeypadPatternFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.keypad.KeypadPatternFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/event/MtProtocolReceiveMessageEvent.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.event.MtProtocolReceiveMessageEvent
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/ble_utils/ScanResultImpl21.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.ble_utils.ScanResultImpl21
dev/fabula/android/databinding/ListItemsFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.ListItemsFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/dev_info/GetDeviceInfo.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.dev_info.GetDeviceInfo
dev/fabula/android/devices/ui/DevicesViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.devices.ui.DevicesViewModel_Factory
 dev.fabula.android.devices.ui.DevicesViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
dev/fabula/android/bridge/crossing/di/BridgeCrossingDaoModule_ProvidesBridgeDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.di.BridgeCrossingDaoModule_ProvidesBridgeDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/state/MtProtocolStates.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.state.MtProtocolStates
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/slope/GetLaserSlopeMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.slope.GetLaserSlopeMessage
dev/fabula/android/auth/di/AuthApiModule_GetApodNasaApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.auth.di.AuthApiModule_GetApodNasaApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/connection/MtAsyncBLEConnection.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.connection.MtAsyncBLEConnection
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.connection.MtAsyncBLEConnection$MTAsyncBLEConnectionCallbackRecipient
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/status/SyncStatusInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/ble_utils/ScanResultImpl18.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.ble_utils.ScanResultImpl18
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/IBleDeviceScanner.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.IBleDeviceScanner
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.IBleDeviceScanner$OnDeviceDiscoveredHandler
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/impl/State.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.impl.State
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/type/UnionFloat.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.type.UnionFloat
dev/fabula/android/report/di/DaggerReportComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.report.di.DaggerReportComponent
 dev.fabula.android.report.di.DaggerReportComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.report.di.DaggerReportComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.report.di.DaggerReportComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideAuth
 dev.fabula.android.report.di.DaggerReportComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideRetrofit
 dev.fabula.android.report.di.DaggerReportComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/access_lock/AccessLockOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.access_lock.AccessLockOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/station/peregon/di/DaggerStationPeregonComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.di.DaggerStationPeregonComponent
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.di.DaggerStationPeregonComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.di.DaggerStationPeregonComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.di.DaggerStationPeregonComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/RemoteControlKey/RemoteControlKeyMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.RemoteControlKey.RemoteControlKeyMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/LastCalibrationData/LastCalibrationDataMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.LastCalibrationData.LastCalibrationDataMessage
dev/fabula/android/auth/ui/AuthViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.auth.ui.AuthViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/impl/Transition.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.impl.Transition
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/edc/EDCDoRemoteFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCDoRemoteFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCDoRemoteFrameFactory$ButtonNumber
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/MTDeviceParserImpl.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.MTDeviceParserImpl
dev/fabula/android/measurements/create/di/DaggerCreateMeasurementsComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.di.DaggerCreateMeasurementsComponent
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.di.DaggerCreateMeasurementsComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.di.DaggerCreateMeasurementsComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.di.DaggerCreateMeasurementsComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/MtMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.MtMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/RailwayFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.RailwayFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SystemStates/GetSystemStateMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SystemStates.GetSystemStateMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/laser/LaserOnMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.laser.LaserOnMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/GCLDevInfo/GCLDevInfoFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GCLDevInfo.GCLDevInfoFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GCLDevInfo.GCLDevInfoFrameFactory$GCLDeviceInfo
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/keypad/KeypadPatternMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.keypad.KeypadPatternMessage
dev/fabula/android/support/ui/SupportViewModule_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.support.ui.SupportViewModule_Factory
dev/fabula/android/auth_old/DaggerAuthComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.auth_old.DaggerAuthComponent
 dev.fabula.android.auth_old.DaggerAuthComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.auth_old.DaggerAuthComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.auth_old.DaggerAuthComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideAuth
 dev.fabula.android.auth_old.DaggerAuthComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideRetrofit
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/calibration/SyncCalibrationInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.SyncCalibrationInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/DimensionsFenceFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.DimensionsFenceFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/exc/StateMachineDescriptorException.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.exc.StateMachineDescriptorException
dev/fabula/android/databinding/StationPeregonFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.StationPeregonFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/bosch/otg/repo/BoschOtgRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.bosch.otg.repo.BoschOtgRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/ClearCalibrationEvents/ClearCalibrationEventsFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.ClearCalibrationEvents.ClearCalibrationEventsFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.ClearCalibrationEvents.ClearCalibrationEventsFrameFactory$ClearCalEventsMessageFlags
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/impl/StateMachineImpl.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.impl.StateMachineImpl
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/settings/SettingsFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.settings.SettingsFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/sync/SyncOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.SyncOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/station/peregon/repo/StationPeregonRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.repo.StationPeregonRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/synchronize/ui/SyncViewModule_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.synchronize.ui.SyncViewModule_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/MotorOperations/MotorOperationsFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.MotorOperations.MotorOperationsFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.MotorOperations.MotorOperationsFrameFactory$MotorOperations
dev/fabula/android/dimensions/fence/di/DimensionsFenceApiModule_GetDimensionApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.di.DimensionsFenceApiModule_GetDimensionApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/DimensionsFenceItemListBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.DimensionsFenceItemListBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/slope/LaserSlopeMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.slope.LaserSlopeMessageFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.slope.LaserSlopeMessageFactory$SlopeMode
dev/fabula/android/wire/contact/di/ContactWireDaoModule_ProvidesContactWireDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.wire.contact.di.ContactWireDaoModule_ProvidesContactWireDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/ReportFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.ReportFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/canopy/di/CanopyApiModule_GetCanopyApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.di.CanopyApiModule_GetCanopyApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/single/SingleDistOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.single.SingleDistOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/HomeFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.HomeFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/platform/repo/PlatformRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.platform.repo.PlatformRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SyncCalibrationData/SyncCalibrationDataOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SyncCalibrationData.SyncCalibrationDataOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/grl_info/GRLDevInfoMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.grl_info.GRLDevInfoMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/measurements/create/di/CreateMeasurementsApiModule_GetMeasurementApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.di.CreateMeasurementsApiModule_GetMeasurementApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/ble_utils/BleDeviceScanner18.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.ble_utils.BleDeviceScanner18
dev/fabula/android/app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory
dev/fabula/android/section/dao/RailwaySectionDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.section.dao.RailwaySectionDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.section.dao.RailwaySectionDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.section.dao.RailwaySectionDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.section.dao.RailwaySectionDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.section.dao.RailwaySectionDao_Impl$4
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/calibration/GetCalibrationGuardDataMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.GetCalibrationGuardDataMessage
dev/fabula/android/support/repo/SupportRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.support.repo.SupportRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/ble_utils/BleDeviceScanner21.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.ble_utils.BleDeviceScanner21
dev/fabula/android/profile/ui/ProfileViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.profile.ui.ProfileViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/section/repo/RailwaySectionRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.section.repo.RailwaySectionRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/MotorOperations/MotorOperationsMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.MotorOperations.MotorOperationsMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/SingleSelectItemBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.SingleSelectItemBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/RemoteControlKey/RemoteControlKeyFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.RemoteControlKey.RemoteControlKeyFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.RemoteControlKey.RemoteControlKeyFrameFactory$SetLasers
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/settings/SettingsMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.settings.SettingsMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/eeprom_data/EEPROMDATAFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.eeprom_data.EEPROMDATAFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/BuildConfig.java
 dev.fabula.android.BuildConfig
dev/fabula/android/section/di/DaggerRailwaySectionComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.section.di.DaggerRailwaySectionComponent
 dev.fabula.android.section.di.DaggerRailwaySectionComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.section.di.DaggerRailwaySectionComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.section.di.DaggerRailwaySectionComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/frame/MtFrameByteWriter.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.frame.MtFrameByteWriter
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/dev_info/DevInfoMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.dev_info.DevInfoMessage
dev/fabula/android/wire/carrier/dao/CarrierWireDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.wire.carrier.dao.CarrierWireDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.wire.carrier.dao.CarrierWireDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.wire.carrier.dao.CarrierWireDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.wire.carrier.dao.CarrierWireDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.wire.carrier.dao.CarrierWireDao_Impl$4
 dev.fabula.android.wire.carrier.dao.CarrierWireDao_Impl$5
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/echo/DoEchoMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.echo.DoEchoMessage
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/IScanResult.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.IScanResult
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/slope/LaserSlopeMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.slope.LaserSlopeMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/edc/EDCDoRemoteTriggerButtonMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCDoRemoteTriggerButtonMessage
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/BluetoothConnection.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BluetoothConnection
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BluetoothConnection$ConnectThread
dev/fabula/android/auth_old/AuthViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.auth_old.AuthViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/measurements/list/repo/MeasurementsRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.list.repo.MeasurementsRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/keypad/KeypadPatternMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.keypad.KeypadPatternMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/platform/ui/PlatformViewModule_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.platform.ui.PlatformViewModule_Factory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/UnionMeasurementListFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.UnionMeasurementListFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/report/di/ReportDaoModule_ProvidesReportDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.report.di.ReportDaoModule_ProvidesReportDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/SplashFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.SplashFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/dimensions/fence/dao/DimensionsFenceDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.dao.DimensionsFenceDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.dao.DimensionsFenceDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.dao.DimensionsFenceDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.dao.DimensionsFenceDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.dao.DimensionsFenceDao_Impl$4
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.dao.DimensionsFenceDao_Impl$5
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.dao.DimensionsFenceDao_Impl$6
dev/fabula/android/canopy/di/DaggerCanopyComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.di.DaggerCanopyComponent
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.di.DaggerCanopyComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.di.DaggerCanopyComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.di.DaggerCanopyComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/app/di/ViewModelFactory_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.ViewModelFactory_Factory
dev/fabula/android/screen/measurements/repo/ScreenMeasurementsRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.screen.measurements.repo.ScreenMeasurementsRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/edc/EDCMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCMessageFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCMessageFactory$DevModeRef
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCMessageFactory$DevStatus
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/sync/list/SyncListMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.list.SyncListMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/calibration/CalibrationGuardDataInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.CalibrationGuardDataInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/thermo/message/imginfo/ImgInfoMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.imginfo.ImgInfoMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/ActivityAppBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.ActivityAppBinding
dev/fabula/android/wire/carrier/di/CarrierWireApiModule_GetCarrierWireApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.wire.carrier.di.CarrierWireApiModule_GetCarrierWireApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/type/UnionUint32.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.type.UnionUint32
dev/fabula/android/databinding/CanopyItemListBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.CanopyItemListBinding
dev/fabula/android/wire/contact/di/ContactWireApiModule_GetCarrierWireApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.wire.contact.di.ContactWireApiModule_GetCarrierWireApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/type/UnionFrameMode.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.type.UnionFrameMode
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/calibration/SyncCalibrationOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.SyncCalibrationOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/dimensions/fence/di/DaggerDimensionsFenceComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.di.DaggerDimensionsFenceComponent
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.di.DaggerDimensionsFenceComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.di.DaggerDimensionsFenceComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.di.DaggerDimensionsFenceComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
dev/fabula/android/measurements/create/repo/CreateMeasurementsRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.repo.CreateMeasurementsRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/state/MtProtocolStateMachine.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.state.MtProtocolStateMachine
dev/fabula/android/auth/di/DaggerAuthComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.auth.di.DaggerAuthComponent
 dev.fabula.android.auth.di.DaggerAuthComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.auth.di.DaggerAuthComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.auth.di.DaggerAuthComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideAuth
 dev.fabula.android.auth.di.DaggerAuthComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideRetrofit
 dev.fabula.android.auth.di.DaggerAuthComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/MotorOperations/MotorOperationsInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.MotorOperations.MotorOperationsInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/auth_old/AuthFragmentPhone_MembersInjector.java
 dev.fabula.android.auth_old.AuthFragmentPhone_MembersInjector
dev/fabula/android/platform/di/DaggerPlatformComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.platform.di.DaggerPlatformComponent
 dev.fabula.android.platform.di.DaggerPlatformComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.platform.di.DaggerPlatformComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.platform.di.DaggerPlatformComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/exc/StateMachineException.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.exc.StateMachineException
dev/fabula/android/bridge/crossing/di/DaggerBridgeComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.di.DaggerBridgeComponent
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.di.DaggerBridgeComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.di.DaggerBridgeComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.di.DaggerBridgeComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideAuth
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.di.DaggerBridgeComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/log/LogPacketFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.log.LogPacketFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/settings/GetSettingsMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.settings.GetSettingsMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/exc/StateNotDefinedException.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.exc.StateNotDefinedException
dev/fabula/android/databinding/MeasurementsListFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.MeasurementsListFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/Crc.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.Crc
dev/fabula/android/app/di/DatabaseModule_ProvidesRoomDatabaseFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.DatabaseModule_ProvidesRoomDatabaseFactory
dev/fabula/android/app/di/GlideModule_ProvideRequestBuilderFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.GlideModule_ProvideRequestBuilderFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/MtFrame.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.MtFrame
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/rtc/GetRTCTimestampMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.rtc.GetRTCTimestampMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/RailwaySectionFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.RailwaySectionFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/ui/BluetoothViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.ui.BluetoothViewModel_Factory
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.ui.BluetoothViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/eeprom_data/EEPROMDataMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.eeprom_data.EEPROMDataMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/MtFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.MtFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/type/UnionStatusByte.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.type.UnionStatusByte
dev/fabula/android/bosch/otg/ui/BoschOtgViewModule_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.bosch.otg.ui.BoschOtgViewModule_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SystemStates/SystemStateMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SystemStates.SystemStateMessageFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SystemStates.SystemStateMessageFactory$GCLDeviceStatus
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SystemStates.SystemStateMessageFactory$LaserModeStatus
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/GCLDevInfo/GCLDevInfoInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GCLDevInfo.GCLDevInfoInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/BluetoothItemListBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.BluetoothItemListBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/slope/LaserSlopeFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.slope.LaserSlopeFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.slope.LaserSlopeFrameFactory$DataByte
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.slope.LaserSlopeFrameFactory$SlopeMode
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/MessageFactoryImpl.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.MessageFactoryImpl
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/echo/DoEchoFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.echo.DoEchoFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/dimensions/fence/repo/DimensionsFenceRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.repo.DimensionsFenceRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/report/ui/ReportViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.report.ui.ReportViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/connection/MtAsyncConnection.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.connection.MtAsyncConnection
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.connection.MtAsyncConnection$MTAsyncConnectionObserver
dev/fabula/android/railway/di/RailwayDaoModule_ProvidesRailwayDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.railway.di.RailwayDaoModule_ProvidesRailwayDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/database/MyDatabase_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.database.MyDatabase_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.database.MyDatabase_Impl$1
dev/fabula/android/measurements/list/ui/MeasurementsListViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.list.ui.MeasurementsListViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/LayoutHeaderBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.LayoutHeaderBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/SimpleResponseFactoryImpl.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.SimpleResponseFactoryImpl
dev/fabula/android/bosch/otg/di/BoschOtgModuleDataSource_ProvidesBoschOtgDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.bosch.otg.di.BoschOtgModuleDataSource_ProvidesBoschOtgDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/exc/BluetoothNotSupportedException.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.exc.BluetoothNotSupportedException
dev/fabula/android/section/di/RailwaySectionDaoModule_ProvidesRailwaySectionDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.section.di.RailwaySectionDaoModule_ProvidesRailwaySectionDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/support/di/DaggerSupportComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.support.di.DaggerSupportComponent
 dev.fabula.android.support.di.DaggerSupportComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.support.di.DaggerSupportComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.support.di.DaggerSupportComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideRetrofit
 dev.fabula.android.support.di.DaggerSupportComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/frame/MtBaseFrame.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.frame.MtBaseFrame
dev/fabula/android/platform/di/PlatformDaoModule_ProvidesPlatformDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.platform.di.PlatformDaoModule_ProvidesPlatformDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/BLEConnection.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BLEConnection
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BLEConnection$1
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BLEConnection$2
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BLEConnection$3
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/edc/EDCFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCFrameFactory$Headers
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCFrameFactory$RemoteCtrl
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/dev_info/DevInfoMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.dev_info.DevInfoMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/support/dao/SupportDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.support.dao.SupportDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.support.dao.SupportDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.support.dao.SupportDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.support.dao.SupportDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.support.dao.SupportDao_Impl$4
 dev.fabula.android.support.dao.SupportDao_Impl$5
 dev.fabula.android.support.dao.SupportDao_Impl$6
 dev.fabula.android.support.dao.SupportDao_Impl$7
 dev.fabula.android.support.dao.SupportDao_Impl$8
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/frame/MtResponseFrame.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.frame.MtResponseFrame
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/thermo/message/imgdata/ImgDataInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.imgdata.ImgDataInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/section/ui/RailwaySectionViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.section.ui.RailwaySectionViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/devices/di/DaggerDevicesComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.devices.di.DaggerDevicesComponent
 dev.fabula.android.devices.di.DaggerDevicesComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.devices.di.DaggerDevicesComponent$Builder
dev/fabula/android/bosch/otg/di/DaggerBoschOtgComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.bosch.otg.di.DaggerBoschOtgComponent
 dev.fabula.android.bosch.otg.di.DaggerBoschOtgComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.bosch.otg.di.DaggerBoschOtgComponent$Builder
dev/fabula/android/dimensions/fence/ui/DimensionsFenceViewModule_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.dimensions.fence.ui.DimensionsFenceViewModule_Factory
dev/fabula/android/screen/measurements/di/DaggerScreenMeasurementsComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.screen.measurements.di.DaggerScreenMeasurementsComponent
 dev.fabula.android.screen.measurements.di.DaggerScreenMeasurementsComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.screen.measurements.di.DaggerScreenMeasurementsComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.screen.measurements.di.DaggerScreenMeasurementsComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/MtConnection.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.MtConnection
dev/fabula/android/report/repo/ReportRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.report.repo.ReportRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/log/LogSizeOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.log.LogSizeOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/DevicesListItemBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.DevicesListItemBinding
dev/fabula/android/databinding/CreateMeasurementItemListBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.CreateMeasurementItemListBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/RemoteControlKey/RemoteControlKeyInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.RemoteControlKey.RemoteControlKeyInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/AuthFragmentPhoneBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.AuthFragmentPhoneBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/MtProtocolImpl.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtProtocolImpl
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtProtocolImpl$1
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtProtocolImpl$ReceiveThread
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtProtocolImpl$SendThread
dev/fabula/android/databinding/ItemUnionBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.ItemUnionBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/MtFrameConstants.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtFrameConstants
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtFrameConstants$DeviceRole
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.MtFrameConstants$RxState
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/thermo/message/edct/EDCTOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.edct.EDCTOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/RemoteControlKey/RemoteControlKeyOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.RemoteControlKey.RemoteControlKeyOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/measurements/type/dao/MeasurementTypeDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.type.dao.MeasurementTypeDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.type.dao.MeasurementTypeDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.type.dao.MeasurementTypeDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.type.dao.MeasurementTypeDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.type.dao.MeasurementTypeDao_Impl$4
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/GetPowerProfile/PowerProfileMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GetPowerProfile.PowerProfileMessageFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GetPowerProfile.PowerProfileMessageFactory$GetPowerProfile
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/event/MtProtocolFatalErrorEvent.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.event.MtProtocolFatalErrorEvent
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/thermo/message/edct/EDCTInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.edct.EDCTInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/log/LogPacketOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.log.LogPacketOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/DialogHeightWidthNormsBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.DialogHeightWidthNormsBinding
dev/fabula/android/measurements/create/ui/CreateMeasurementsViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.ui.CreateMeasurementsViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/AppbarLayoutBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.AppbarLayoutBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/frame/MtFrameByteReader.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.frame.MtFrameByteReader
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.frame.MtFrameByteReader$1
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.frame.MtFrameByteReader$RxState
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/MtProtocol.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.MtProtocol
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.MtProtocol$MTProtocolEvent
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.MtProtocol$MTProtocolEventObserver
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SetLasers/SetLasersOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SetLasers.SetLasersOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/MeasureListFragmentItemBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.MeasureListFragmentItemBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/GetPowerProfile/PowerProfileOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GetPowerProfile.PowerProfileOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/BLEService.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BLEService
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BLEService$1
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.BLEService$BLELocalBinder
dev/fabula/android/splash/RefreshDataWork_MembersInjector.java
 dev.fabula.android.splash.RefreshDataWork_MembersInjector
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/frame/MtRequestFrame.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.frame.MtRequestFrame
dev/fabula/android/list/items/repo/ListItemsRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.list.items.repo.ListItemsRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/SimpleMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.SimpleMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/support/di/SupportApiModule_GetSupportApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.support.di.SupportApiModule_GetSupportApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/AuthFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.AuthFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/status/SyncStatusFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusFrameFactory$ConStatus
dev/fabula/android/canopy/dao/CanopyDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl$4
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl$5
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl$6
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl$7
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl$8
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.dao.CanopyDao_Impl$9
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/FrameFactoryImpl.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.FrameFactoryImpl
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/log/LogPacketMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.log.LogPacketMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/splash/DaggerSplashComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.splash.DaggerSplashComponent
 dev.fabula.android.splash.DaggerSplashComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.splash.DaggerSplashComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.splash.DaggerSplashComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideAuth
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/grl_info/GetGRLDevInfo.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.grl_info.GetGRLDevInfo
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/log/LogPacketInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.log.LogPacketInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/sync/SyncFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.SyncFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.SyncFrameFactory$Headers
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.SyncFrameFactory$References
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SyncCalibrationData/SyncCalibrationDataInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SyncCalibrationData.SyncCalibrationDataInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/sync/list/SyncListFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.sync.list.SyncListFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SystemStates/SystemStateInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SystemStates.SystemStateInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/single/SingleDistFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.single.SingleDistFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.single.SingleDistFrameFactory$Parameters
dev/fabula/android/canopy/ui/CanopyViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.ui.CanopyViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/single/SingleDistMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.single.SingleDistMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/rtc/RTCTimestampMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.rtc.RTCTimestampMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/measurements/type/di/MeasurementTypeDaoModule_ProvidesMeasurementTypeDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.type.di.MeasurementTypeDaoModule_ProvidesMeasurementTypeDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/screen/measurements/ui/ScreenMeasurementsViewModule_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.screen.measurements.ui.ScreenMeasurementsViewModule_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/edc/EDCInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.edc.EDCInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/canopy/repo/CanopyRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.repo.CanopyRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/rtc/RTCTimestampFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.rtc.RTCTimestampFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/thermo/message/imgdata/ImgDataMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.imgdata.ImgDataMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/StateMachine.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.StateMachine
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/peer/SetActivePeerOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.peer.SetActivePeerOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/DevicesFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.DevicesFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/railway/dao/RailwayDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.railway.dao.RailwayDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.railway.dao.RailwayDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.railway.dao.RailwayDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.railway.dao.RailwayDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.railway.dao.RailwayDao_Impl$4
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/eeprom_data/EEPROMDataInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.eeprom_data.EEPROMDataInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/SupportFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.SupportFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/databinding/PlatformFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.PlatformFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/event/MtProtocolRequestTimeoutEvent.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.event.MtProtocolRequestTimeoutEvent
dev/fabula/android/app/di/PhoneModule_ProvidePhoneNumberUtilFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.PhoneModule_ProvidePhoneNumberUtilFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/type/field/BitField.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.type.field.BitField
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/ArrayUtils.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.ArrayUtils
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/IBleScanCallback.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.IBleScanCallback
dev/fabula/android/databinding/OnboardingFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.OnboardingFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/GetPowerProfile/PowerProfileInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.GetPowerProfile.PowerProfileInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/ScreenMeasurementsFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.ScreenMeasurementsFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/app/di/GlideModule_ProvideRequestManagerFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.app.di.GlideModule_ProvideRequestManagerFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/calibration/CalibrationGuardDataMessagFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.CalibrationGuardDataMessagFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.calibration.CalibrationGuardDataMessagFactory$CalGuard
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/bluetooth/MTDeviceParser.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.bluetooth.MTDeviceParser
dev/fabula/android/measurements/create/di/CreateMeasurementsDaoModule_ProvidesCreateMeasurementsDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.create.di.CreateMeasurementsDaoModule_ProvidesCreateMeasurementsDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/LastCalibrationData/GetLastCalibrationDataMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.LastCalibrationData.GetLastCalibrationDataMessage
dev/fabula/android/synchronize/di/SyncApiModule_GetSyncApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.synchronize.di.SyncApiModule_GetSyncApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/echo/DoEchoMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.echo.DoEchoMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/AuthFragmentCodeBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.AuthFragmentCodeBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SyncCalibrationData/SyncCalibrationDataMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SyncCalibrationData.SyncCalibrationDataMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/status/SyncStatusOutputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusOutputMessage
dev/fabula/android/railway/di/DaggerRailwayComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.railway.di.DaggerRailwayComponent
 dev.fabula.android.railway.di.DaggerRailwayComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.railway.di.DaggerRailwayComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.railway.di.DaggerRailwayComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
dev/fabula/android/database/UserDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.database.UserDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.database.UserDao_Impl$1
dev/fabula/android/databinding/BridgeCrossingFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.BridgeCrossingFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/measurements/union/list/ui/UnionMeasurementsListViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.measurements.union.list.ui.UnionMeasurementsListViewModel_Factory
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/exc/BluetoothException.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.exc.BluetoothException
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/general/message/peer/SetActivePeerFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.general.message.peer.SetActivePeerFrameFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/SyncFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.SyncFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/thermo/message/edct/EDCTMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.edct.EDCTMessageFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.edct.EDCTMessageFactory$DevModeRef
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.edct.EDCTMessageFactory$DevStatus
dev/fabula/android/support/di/SupportDaoModule_ProvidesSupportDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.support.di.SupportDaoModule_ProvidesSupportDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/bridge/crossing/repo/BridgeRepository_Factory.java
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.repo.BridgeRepository_Factory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/thermo/message/imginfo/ImgInfoInputMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.thermo.message.imginfo.ImgInfoInputMessage
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/status/SyncStatusMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusMessageFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusMessageFactory$CalibrationStatus
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusMessageFactory$ConStatus
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusMessageFactory$ErrorData1
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusMessageFactory$LEDStatus1
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusMessageFactory$LEDStatus2
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusMessageFactory$SpindleStatus
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.status.SyncStatusMessageFactory$SystemError
dev/fabula/android/canopy/di/CanopyDaoModule_ProvidesPlatformDAOFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.canopy.di.CanopyDaoModule_ProvidesPlatformDAOFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/rotation/message/log/LogSizeMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.rotation.message.log.LogSizeMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/platform/dao/PlatformDao_Impl.java
 dev.fabula.android.platform.dao.PlatformDao_Impl
 dev.fabula.android.platform.dao.PlatformDao_Impl$1
 dev.fabula.android.platform.dao.PlatformDao_Impl$2
 dev.fabula.android.platform.dao.PlatformDao_Impl$3
 dev.fabula.android.platform.dao.PlatformDao_Impl$4
 dev.fabula.android.platform.dao.PlatformDao_Impl$5
 dev.fabula.android.platform.dao.PlatformDao_Impl$6
 dev.fabula.android.platform.dao.PlatformDao_Impl$7
dev/fabula/android/bluetooth/GLMDeviceController.java
 dev.fabula.android.bluetooth.GLMDeviceController
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/util/statemachine/Descriptor.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.util.statemachine.Descriptor
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/glm100C/message/SimpleMessage.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.glm100C.message.SimpleMessage
dev/fabula/android/databinding/BoschOtgFragmentBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.BoschOtgFragmentBinding
dev/fabula/android/bridge/crossing/di/BridgeApiModule_GetBridgeApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.bridge.crossing.di.BridgeApiModule_GetBridgeApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/databinding/BoschOtgItemListBinding.java
 dev.fabula.android.databinding.BoschOtgItemListBinding
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/LastCalibrationData/LastCalibrationDataMessageFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.LastCalibrationData.LastCalibrationDataMessageFactory
dev/fabula/android/platform/di/PlatformApiModule_GetPlatformApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.platform.di.PlatformApiModule_GetPlatformApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/station/peregon/di/StationApiModule_GetStationApiFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.station.peregon.di.StationApiModule_GetStationApiFactory
dev/fabula/android/module/mtprotocol/linelaser/message/SetLasers/SetLasersFrameFactory.java
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SetLasers.SetLasersFrameFactory
 dev.fabula.android.module.mtprotocol.linelaser.message.SetLasers.SetLasersFrameFactory$SetLasers
dev/fabula/android/profile/di/DaggerProfileComponent.java
 dev.fabula.android.profile.di.DaggerProfileComponent
 dev.fabula.android.profile.di.DaggerProfileComponent$1
 dev.fabula.android.profile.di.DaggerProfileComponent$Builder
 dev.fabula.android.profile.di.DaggerProfileComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideAuth
 dev.fabula.android.profile.di.DaggerProfileComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_provideRetrofit
 dev.fabula.android.profile.di.DaggerProfileComponent$dev_fabula_android_app_di_AppComponent_providesRoomDatabase
